[stomping]
[whooshing]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
COMMUNITY CENTER
[Naoko] What?
Why do I have to go to the town meeting?
They're discussing whether to rebuild
or renovate the community center.
It's a very important matter.
I don't know anything about that!
One of us has to attend.
Please, Naoko.
Your father and I have stomach aches.
[Naoko] That's what you get
for eating expired pudding!
But it looked so good.
And it wasn't that old.
Gosh.
What a waste of a perfectly good Sunday!
[Naoko] This place is a total wreck.
They probably should rebuild it.
COMMUNITY CENTER
[laughs]
I have samba class this evening.
Let me practice a little bit.
-Samba, samba...
-Sure.
[indistinct chatter]
This cactus is very special...
-Would you like some candy?
-No, thank you.
When will you start the meeting?
Mr. Treasure Handa and the Watanabes
are not here yet.
[gasps]
Oh, Miss Watanabe!
[sighs]
Where are your mom and dad?
Actually, they're not feeling well,
so I came instead.
I see.
Naoko, come sit over here.
Um, okay.
Have some dried fish.
Try some sardine meatballs.
There's fried mackerel, too.
[sighs]
[Naoko] Why is it all fish?
Is this a fish party?
[Yuririn] Don't be shy. Dig in.
O-Okay.
Hello, my little fishes!
Were you waiting with "baited" breath?
[laughs]
Ouch! [groaning]
Ow ow ow!
You're so noisy! Quiet down!
How dare you, you old geezer!
Brrr!
Sorry, can't hear a thing.
Okay, everyone, I would like
to start today's meeting!
We can't hear you, Mr. Kaneda!
Oh, I'm sorry.
-Aunty!
-Huh?
Please turn off the music.
Oh, must I?
I'll turn it off right now.
[howls in pain]
-[gasps]
-[barking]
[screaming]
Sorry. Please forgive me.
I didn't mean it!
Rocketeer!
-Good boy, good boy.
-[dog moaning]
Sorry for the fuss.
[Naoko] He can still move pretty fast
for an old man.
Today, we will be discussing the future
of this dilapidated old community center
that has stood here for 150 years.
I would like to decide whether we should
renovate it or rebuild it.
Excuse me, Teacher!
I'm not a teacher.
Please call me "Chairman."
Yes, Chairman!
How much would it cost to rebuild?
-Well, about 100 million yen.
-One hundred million yen?
That much?
I need to work harder!
Who has that kind of money?
It will be equally split
among the members.
About 10 million yen per household.
-Ten million?
-[body thudding]
We're rich,
so we have no problem with that.
Then you should pay for it all!
Everyone else is broke.
I can't afford to contribute anything.
-Except gas. [laughing]
-Pee-euw!
What do you think you're doing?
-You stinky skunk!
-[gasps, grunts]
Hey, not bad.
But you won't get so lucky next time--
Ow!
Owie, owie!
Ouch, ouch!
Now you've done it!
-What're you gonna do about it?
-[growls]
Let's leave those two alone.
Ten million? Are you serious?
I can't even pay 500 yen.
If ten million per household is too much,
we'll have to renovate instead.
-[sighs]
-How much will it cost to renovate it?
Even then, I think it will cost
around 50 million yen.
Fifty million?
One hundred and fifty million in total!
Don't total it up!
I know! If we build it underground,
it might cost less.
-What a great idea!
-Isn't it?
[Naoko] Underground?
Sounds like fun.
I've got an idea, too!
Find Tokugawa's buried treasure
to pay for the rebuild!
I, too, have an idea!
We can turn the community center
into a giant robot!
[indistinct chatter]
[Naoko] At this rate,
we're never going to finish.
Wait! I was going to make pancakes
at Erika's today.
I better call and tell her I'll be late.
[screaming] Aah! I forgot my phone!
Umm... phone... phone...
Oh! Is that a phone?
What is this? Is this a phone?
Where are the buttons?
Um, I would like to take a short break,
and then after that, take a vote.
[all exhaustedly] Okay...
Why don't we have some tea? Ooh!
-[raindrops pattering]
-Oh dear, it's raining.
You should rest a little, too, honey.
You're right. [groans]
I'm tired.
I can't raise my arms.
Ms. Yuririn.
What is it?
I want to make a phone call,
but I don't know how.
Oh my...
[women] What is it? What is it?
[Yuririn] Naoko has never seen
a rotary phone.
-[woman 1] Really?
-[woman 2] Young people nowadays...
[woman 3] They all have smartphones.
-[Naoko sighs] Oh well...
-[women laugh]
Huh?
Oh no!
Darling, the roof is leaking!
-[rain gets stronger]
-Huh? [screams]
[gasps] The food's getting wet!
I think we'd better rebuild this place.
I can't pay that kind of money!
We can have Mr. Kaneda pay for it.
After all, he's the richest man in town.
Well, I do get an allowance
of 100 million yen a month,
so guess I can afford it.
Don't you dare!
We're not paying that kind of money!
[all] Huh?
[indistinct arguing]
Rebuild!
-Renovate!
-Nonsense!
[grunts] Oww!
How dare you!
Gaah!
-You shut up!
-[grunts]
[growls] It's prickly!
You're full of nonsense!
-Aargh!
-Gaah!
See if I care!
-[grunts]
-Who wants some tea?
[grunts] Ouch! Ouch! Ouch!
Owie!
[yelps]
[indistinct arguing]
Come on, guys, pull it together!
[screams]
[growling] What is wrong with you people?
[roars]
This is why I didn't want to come!
[roaring]
[people screaming]
[Mom] Thank you for going, Naoko.
[Dad] What did they decide
about the community center?
They decided to rebuild it.
[Dad, Mom] Huh?
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ Take my fire of justice ♪